let's turn now to Northern Israel where
the military says it has killed fighters
who have infiltrated from Lebanon the
Iran backed Hezbollah movement is
denying any involvement in that Let's
cross to Zena Hoda she joins us live
from the village of hamam in southern
Lebanon at that border Zena tell us what
you know to be happening there at the
border well it is now an active border
line active front line because I can
hear the sound of shelling as we speak
you mentioned an infiltration attempt
now this is according to the Israeli
army they said that there was an attempt
by a number of suspects into Israel
there was a clash and that they killed
two of them so this is according to the
Israeli Army and there was an ensuing
clash and uh bombardment in the area now
Hezbollah the Lebanese armed group has
said that they were not involved in this
operation they were not involved in any
operation inside Israel this was a
statement that was um that was made by
the group now we're also getting reports
that shells are being launched from
Southern Lebanon into Northern Israel
Israel responding so undoubtedly an
escalation along one of the most
volatile borders in the region yesterday
yes there was an exchange of fire
between Hezbollah and Israel Hezbollah
did claim responsibility for targeting
an Israeli Army position but it uh it
shows its Target well it made sure that
it was uh the whole operation was within
the Rules of Engagement which have been
in place since 2006 uh today it's
different the attack now on the
international border Israel responding
and you can still hear hear the shelling
um so it is is a very very tense
situation hasbalah denying
responsibility but at the end of the day
this whole region is hezbollah's strong
hold um the Lebanese Army is here you
have uh troops belonging to a number of
countries operating under the United
Nations peacekeeping Force but it is
Hezbollah who knows um who is at the
border who reaches the border and so
these are yet more messages more
pressure on the Israeli Army telling
them that if you continue your campaign
against Gaza then expect to face
pressure from other fronts Anda what
what's the feeling within Lebanon at the
prospect of being drawn into another
conflict yes people are worried people
are worried that this country will be
dragged into war this is a very deeply
polarized Society yes most people here
will say that we support the Palestinian
people we support we support their right
to self-determination to have their own
state but we cannot be dragged into this
conflict because Lebanon is facing
multiple crises uh this is what you know
some people say it really depends who
you talk to um those who support
Hezbollah mainly uh the Muslim Shia
Community they believe that Hezbollah is
defending Lebanon it is defending their
Community but others are saying that
Hezbollah is implementing Iran's agenda
and that Hezbollah is not working in the
interests of Lebanon that the decision
to go to war should be taken by the
Lebanese State the country's economy has
all but collapsed there's a political
crisis there's no president there's no
functioning government then the state is
nearly bankrupt so people are worried
yes Hezbollah has grown in strength it
has sophisticated Arsenal it has
Precision guided missiles that can hit
Israeli cities but Israel too has an
advanced Army it has air superiority and
it can destroy neighborhoods so people
are worried people are worried that the
Gaza Israel war will lead to wider
confrontation in the region and it's not
just a just look behind me that's Israel
that's a northern Israeli settlement
look how easy it is to launch an attack
and it's not just that Israel has
enemies Hezbollah Iran they have
positions along its border with Syria so
really Israel facing a lot of pressure
from different fronts groups Allied to
Iran at the moment flexing their muscles
putting pressure on the Israeli
government aena Hoda thanks very much
it's very it's great to be able to see
so visually that border amid all the
skirmishes that are happening there
across it thanks for bringing us the
latest there from this the Lebanon
Israel or border